good external failure my channel
rocking chair this kizaru was a milling cutter for so
I started having problems with the hairpin and so
farther all why that shish dust to
broke away and then broke off and in the middle
and I kissed and unscrewed unscrewed with
Carl you are cool well from
Zvaychayno boil was cut into threads and
I cut the thread of the coins the ball is evil but everything
Well, sho roby
big through juda broke up so
Arkady brown knocks the tap that I
I'll kill myself a bit well, I quietly choose
timer chic if you see the glasses are no longer
so what night did I just call it
Brightness here welded a nut
turn on the like on 12 8 let. straight
boiled a nut over the top of the shaft
spun spun the pin and the law
passed another 1 like these break
Well, this is our mount 2000
There are 6 dresses neatly behind
cleaner cleaned with a pin boil
a lot of nut is not 5 here only developed you
the sleeve itself
Well, for two nuts on the arrival thickness is exactly
so that she was, let's say so
held tight and everything is like that
repair bear such a construction
friends are already good but it will work
not quoted so here they Laika
already came close he 6 without 3 yourself 10
we already ordered
no power my even the body on
well provari but of course the way
I am a welder so good we will fail
Well wait for the product
stud gravity well she's here for
lock nuts journal wriggled out
god just unscrew the syringe and that's it
video of course mounting here minin and
similarity honestly nude integrity
rubbing tutti will fall so further
drilled through visible through
drilled became chatter and and then you
6 can come up well yet so can
who will come in handy for buying a new shaft
boiled and eating because I even give you
garden on the tower at 0 3